Networks docs cleanup, and add Ropsten (#471)
oceanprotocol/docs: content/tutorials/wallets.md

---
title: Wallet Basics
description: 
---

> Ocean users need a wallet to manage their ETH and OCEAN tokens. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ocean users need an ERC-20 compatible wallet to manage their ETH and OCEAN tokens. 
```

## Recommendations

> - **Easiest:** Use MetaMask. See the tutorial about [how to set up MetaMask](/tutorials/metamask-setup/). OR

Reviewer: that tutorial link does not exist anymore

Author: fixed

- **Still easy, but more secure:** Get a Trezor or Ledger hardware wallet, and use MetaMask to interact with it.

> 

Reviewer: link here also to our official list of wallets: https://oceanprotocol.com/token#get

Author: done

> ## The Meaning of "Wallet"

Reviewer: would remove this whole part, it just makes it more confusing. Users need an ERc-20 compatible Ethereum wallet. That's it

Author: I think it's quite helpful, because it gives something tangible for newcomers to latch onto. They may not know 'ERC-20' but can still use Metamask. Leaving in for now. If you really really don't want this, re-open this comment.

Once your wallet is set up, it will have one or more **accounts**.

Each account has several **balances**, e.g. an Ether balance, an Ocean Token balance, and maybe other balances. All balances start at zero.

An account's Ether balance might be 7.1 ETH in the Ethereum Mainnet, 2.39 ETH in Ropsten testnet. You can move ETH from one network to another only with a specially setup exchange or bridge. The same is true of OCEAN token balances.

Each account has one **private key** and one **address**. The address can be calculated from the private key. You must keep the private key secret because it's what's needed to spend/transfer ETH and OCEAN (or to sign transactions of any kind). You can share the address with others. In fact, if you want someone to send some ETH or OCEAN to an account, you give them the account's address.

Note that unlike traditional pocket wallets, crypto wallets don't actually store ETH or OCEAN. They store private keys.

## Resources

> - Metamask: https://metamask.io/

Reviewer: Link them all up instead of showing the urls

Author: done
